# Mettle Anonymous (Reverse Mettle Allocation)

A mod for Griftlands that help you quit mettle (reverse all mettle allocations).

Version: 0.0.1
Workshop ID: TBD
Alias(Used for mod dependency): MettleAnonymous
Github Link: https://github.com/RageLeague/MettleAnonymous

Author: RageLeague

Supported Languages: English.

## About mettle

In Griftlands, mettle is a powerful, but addictive performance enhancer. Once you start buying mettle upgrades, you will start to get powerful, but once you realize the power of mettle, you crave for more. You start to become prone to arguments and violence, and you will spend tons of shills just to satisfy your addiction. Additionally, once you reach Prestige 7, the more you relied on mettle upgrades beforehand, the more likely you will suffer from withdraw. The worst thing about it is that once you start upgrading, nothing short of a full reset of your game profile can undo the upgrades.

Here at Mettle Anonymous, we can help you quit by undoing some of the upgrades you got. You don't need to worry about wasting mettle and feel guilty, since we refund all the mettle points you spend on upgrading when you downgrade.

## Uses

* Quit mettle completely by removing all upgrades.
* Undo the upgrades when you have a better understanding of the game in order to prepare for Prestige 7.
* Undo an upgrade you don't like, and get a full refund.
* Try out different mettle upgrades before making a full commitment.

## How to use?

While outside of an active run, navigate to the "Mettle" tab in the compendium. Clicking on an already upgraded tab will downgrade that particular mettle upgrade to one level before the tab (for example, clicking on the first tab of an upgrade will downgrade the mettle level to 0, the second tab will downgrade to level 1, and so on), while refunding all the mettle spent on the upgrades.

After downgrading, it will have a marginal effect on any runs you've already started. However, any future runs will work as normal.

## How to install?

### Directly from GitHub

With the official mod update, you can read about how to set up mods at https://forums.kleientertainment.com/forums/topic/116914-early-mod-support/.

1. Find `[user]/AppData/Roaming/Klei/Griftlands/` folder on your computer, or `[user]/AppData/Roaming/Klei/Griftlands_testing/` if you're on experimental. Find the folder with all the autogenerated files, log.txt, and `saves` directory. If you are on Steam, open the folder that starts with `steam-`. If you are on Epic, open the folder that contains only hexadecimal code.
2. Create a new folder called `mods` if you haven't already.
3. Clone this repository into that folder.
4. The `modinit.lua` file should be under `.../mods/[insert_repo_name_here]`.
5. Voila! Now the mod should work.

### Steam workshop

With the new official workshop support, you can directly install mods from steam workshop. You can read about it at https://forums.kleientertainment.com/forums/topic/121426-steam-workshop-beta/ and https://forums.kleientertainment.com/forums/topic/121488-example-mods/.

1. Subscribe this item.
2. Enable it in-game.
3. Voila!
